README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <h1 align="center">Hi, I'm Bode Hooker 👋</h1>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=22&pause=1000&color=F7971E&center=true&vCenter=true&width=500&lines=CS+Student+%40+Clemson;Firmware+Tester+Intern;Teaching+Assistant;U.S.+Army+Reserves+Specialist;Full-Stack+Enthusiast">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=22&pause=1000&color=F7971E&center=true&vCenter=true&width=500&lines=CS+Student+%40+Clemson;Firmware+Tester+Intern;Teaching+Assistant;U.S.+Army+Reserves+Specialist;Full-Stack+Enthusiast" alt="Typing SVG" />
  </a>
</p>

---

## 🔗 Connect With Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/bodehooker">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-bodehooker-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/superbode">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-superbode-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:bodehooker84@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-bodehooker84%40gmail.com-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email" />
  </a>
</p>

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

- 🎓 **B.S. Computer Science** — Clemson University, Clemson, SC (May 2026) · GPA: **3.95 / 4.00**
- Prior Firmware Tester Intern @ **Itron, Inc.** · Teaching Assistant @ **Clemson School of Computing**
- **U.S. Army Reserves** — Signal Support Systems Specialist (Nov 2019–Present)
- 🏠 Currently a **Residential Community Mentor** @ **Clemson Housing** — serving 180+ residents
- Achievements: **President's List** (multiple semesters), **Dean's List**, and **AIT Distinguished Honor Graduate**
- Fun fact: I collect Rubik's cubes and like to make variant Sudoku puzzles!

---

## 🛠️ Skills

<p align="center"><strong>Languages</strong></p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cs,cpp,c,java,python,html,css,js,php&theme=dark" alt="Languages" />
</p>

<p align="center"><strong>Tools & Platforms</strong></p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=visualstudio,vscode,git,idea,azure,docker,figma,postman&theme=dark" alt="Tools & Platforms" />
</p>

---

## 💼 Professional Experience

### Itron, Inc. — R&D Firmware Tester Intern  
**May 2023 – December 2024** · West Union, SC (Remote)  
- Automated multi-differential upgrade testing for legacy and modern electric meters, reducing manual execution time from **8 hours to under 1 hour**.  
- Communicated bug solutions and testing suite details in daily stand-up meetings with firmware engineering teams.  
- Designed and executed comprehensive test cases for features including battery mitigation and multi-differential upgrades.

### Clemson School of Computing — Teaching Assistant  
**August 2022 – May 2023** · Clemson, SC  
- Provided one-on-one and group coding assistance to **200+ students** in advanced Computer Science courses.  
- Led lab sections, graded assignments, quizzes, and code submissions while delivering feedback on software design principles, methodologies, and best practices.  
- Collaborated with the Undergraduate Program Coordinator to support curriculum development and student needs.

### U.S. Army Reserves — Signal Support Systems Specialist (25U)  
**November 2019 – Present** · Various locations (Fort Sill, OK; Fort Eisenhower, GA; Greenville, SC)  
- Established and maintained secure (Secret-level) and unencrypted communication networks across **350+ radio systems**.  
- Adapted quickly to mission-critical technical challenges, troubleshooting complex signal issues to ensure reliable support for Army Corps of Engineers training and operations.  
- Earned **AIT Distinguished Honor Graduate** recognition.

### Clemson Housing — Residential Community Mentor  
**August 2023 – May 2026** · Clemson, SC  
- Advised and supported **180+ floor residents** with academic, personal, and wellness resources.  
- Organized and executed community-building events for **1,800+ residents** to promote engagement and a supportive living environment.  
- Facilitated conflict resolution and fostered positive resident interactions.

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=superbode&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&cache_seconds=86400" alt="GitHub Streak" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api?username=superbode&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&cache_seconds=86400" alt="Bode's GitHub Stats" height="185" />
</p>

### Language Breakdown (Included Repositories)

<!-- LANGUAGE_SUMMARY:start -->
- **C#:** 36.5%
- **HTML:** 15.1%
- **Python:** 14.5%
- **C++:** 8.5%
- **SCSS:** 5.7%
- **TypeScript:** 5.6%
- **JavaScript:** 5.1%
- **PHP:** 4.7%
- **CSS:** 3.1%
- **Mathematica:** 1.1%
<!-- LANGUAGE_SUMMARY:end -->

---

## 🚀 Current Projects

<!-- CURRENT_PROJECTS:start -->
**[superbode](https://github.com/superbode/superbode)** - August 2022 May 2023 Clemson SC - Provided one-on-one and group coding assistance to 200+ students in advanced Computer Science courses.
- **Languages:** Python, Unity
- **Contributors:** 3
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (superbode)
- **Role:** Owner

**[s26-ikigai](https://github.com/Clemson-Capstone/s26-ikigai)** - Supports Ikigai Gardens by connecting South Carolina churches and volunteers to grow food and combat insecurity.
- **Languages:** TypeScript, JavaScript, CSS, Python, Dockerfile, HTML
- **Contributors:** 5
- **Organization/Owner:** Organization (Clemson-Capstone)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[Curiosity](https://github.com/Walhalla7/Curiosity)** - An indie Unreal Engine 5 horror game built by a small Clemson development team.
- **Languages:** Not specified
- **Contributors:** 2
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (Walhalla7)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[website](https://github.com/9by9-sudoku/website)** - Repository for the 9x9project s website files.
- **Languages:** HTML, SCSS, Less, PHP, JavaScript, Hack, CSS
- **Contributors:** 5
- **Organization/Owner:** Organization (9by9-sudoku)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[Physics](https://github.com/superbode/Physics)** - Includes an evolution of a simple physics encoded in C++.
- **Languages:** C++, C, Makefile
- **Contributors:** 2
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (superbode)
- **Role:** Owner
<!-- CURRENT_PROJECTS:end -->

---

## 🗄️ Past Projects

<!-- PAST_PROJECTS:start -->
**[CanTrip](https://github.com/JohnkGitt/CanTrip)** - A PyGame adventure where CANRobot escapes a facility after gaining self-awareness.
- **Languages:** Python
- **Contributors:** 3
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (JohnkGitt)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[cpsc-3300-p2](https://github.com/coolguycaden/cpsc-3300-p2)** - Simulates MIPS instruction execution using a virtual register file and memory model.
- **Languages:** C++, Makefile
- **Contributors:** 3
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (coolguycaden)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[CPSC4110-SP25-Team7](https://github.com/sveaej/CPSC4110-SP25-Team7)** - A repository for CPSC 4110 Team 7 s Fishing Simulator.
- **Languages:** ShaderLab, C#, Mathematica
- **Contributors:** 4
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (sveaej)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[CPSC3720.1-S25-Team12](https://github.com/CPSC3720S25-ClassRepos/CPSC3720.1-S25-Team12)** - Builds and tests API functionality using Postman YAML AWS Lambda and DynamoDB.
- **Languages:** Python
- **Contributors:** 3
- **Organization/Owner:** Organization (CPSC3720S25-ClassRepos)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[CPSC3720-Team12](https://github.com/LumpyTacos/CPSC3720-Team12)** - CPSC3720-Team12 is a Python project with clear goals and practical implementation details.
- **Languages:** Python
- **Contributors:** 2
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (LumpyTacos)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[3720-learn-git](https://github.com/superbode/3720-learn-git)** - A class assignment focused on learning GitHub workflows and version control basics.
- **Languages:** Not specified
- **Contributors:** 1
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (superbode)
- **Role:** Owner

**[cyberpunk-game](https://github.com/isaac-fletcher/cyberpunk-game)** - A two-player 2D Unity puzzle game set in a run-down cyberpunk city.
- **Languages:** ShaderLab, C#, HLSL
- **Contributors:** 7
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (isaac-fletcher)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator
<!-- PAST_PROJECTS:end -->

---

<p align="center">
  Thanks for visiting! 😊
  <br/>
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=superbode&style=for-the-badge&color=orange" alt="Profile Views" />
</p>

Commit message:

Updated README and config
- README has a new note added
- Config.py holds all constants used throughout the repo for good coding practice

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <h1 align="center">Hi, I'm Bode Hooker 👋</h1>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=22&pause=1000&color=F7971E&center=true&vCenter=true&width=500&lines=CS+Student+%40+Clemson;Firmware+Tester+Intern;Teaching+Assistant;U.S.+Army+Reserves+Specialist;Full-Stack+Enthusiast">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=22&pause=1000&color=F7971E&center=true&vCenter=true&width=500&lines=CS+Student+%40+Clemson;Firmware+Tester+Intern;Teaching+Assistant;U.S.+Army+Reserves+Specialist;Full-Stack+Enthusiast" alt="Typing SVG" />
  </a>
</p>

---

## 🔗 Connect With Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/bodehooker">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-bodehooker-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/superbode">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-superbode-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:bodehooker84@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-bodehooker84%40gmail.com-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email" />
  </a>
</p>

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

- 🎓 **B.S. Computer Science** — Clemson University, Clemson, SC (May 2026) · GPA: **3.95 / 4.00**
- Prior Firmware Tester Intern @ **Itron, Inc.** · Teaching Assistant @ **Clemson School of Computing**
- **U.S. Army Reserves** — Signal Support Systems Specialist (Nov 2019–Present)
- 🏠 Currently a **Residential Community Mentor** @ **Clemson Housing** — serving 180+ residents
- Achievements: **President's List** (multiple semesters), **Dean's List**, and **AIT Distinguished Honor Graduate**
- Fun fact: I collect Rubik's cubes and like to make variant Sudoku puzzles!

---

## 🛠️ Skills

<p align="center"><strong>Languages</strong></p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cs,cpp,c,java,python,html,css,js,php&theme=dark" alt="Languages" />
</p>

<p align="center"><strong>Tools & Platforms</strong></p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=visualstudio,vscode,git,idea,azure,docker,figma,postman&theme=dark" alt="Tools & Platforms" />
</p>

---

## 💼 Professional Experience

### Itron, Inc. — R&D Firmware Tester Intern  
**May 2023 – December 2024** · West Union, SC (Remote)  
- Automated multi-differential upgrade testing for legacy and modern electric meters, reducing manual execution time from **8 hours to under 1 hour**.  
- Communicated bug solutions and testing suite details in daily stand-up meetings with firmware engineering teams.  
- Designed and executed comprehensive test cases for features including battery mitigation and multi-differential upgrades.

### Clemson School of Computing — Teaching Assistant  
**August 2022 – May 2023** · Clemson, SC  
- Provided one-on-one and group coding assistance to **200+ students** in advanced Computer Science courses.  
- Led lab sections, graded assignments, quizzes, and code submissions while delivering feedback on software design principles, methodologies, and best practices.  
- Collaborated with the Undergraduate Program Coordinator to support curriculum development and student needs.

### U.S. Army Reserves — Signal Support Systems Specialist (25U)  
**November 2019 – Present** · Various locations (Fort Sill, OK; Fort Eisenhower, GA; Greenville, SC)  
- Established and maintained secure (Secret-level) and unencrypted communication networks across **350+ radio systems**.  
- Adapted quickly to mission-critical technical challenges, troubleshooting complex signal issues to ensure reliable support for Army Corps of Engineers training and operations.  
- Earned **AIT Distinguished Honor Graduate** recognition.

### Clemson Housing — Residential Community Mentor  
**August 2023 – May 2026** · Clemson, SC  
- Advised and supported **180+ floor residents** with academic, personal, and wellness resources.  
- Organized and executed community-building events for **1,800+ residents** to promote engagement and a supportive living environment.  
- Facilitated conflict resolution and fostered positive resident interactions.

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=superbode&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&cache_seconds=86400" alt="GitHub Streak" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api?username=superbode&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&cache_seconds=86400" alt="Bode's GitHub Stats" height="185" />
</p>

### Language Breakdown (Included Repositories)
> Note: This breakdown reflects only languages detected in repositories on this GitHub profile, so it does not include coding work done outside GitHub.

<!-- LANGUAGE_SUMMARY:start -->
- **C#:** 36.5%
- **HTML:** 15.1%
- **Python:** 14.5%
- **C++:** 8.5%
- **SCSS:** 5.7%
- **TypeScript:** 5.6%
- **JavaScript:** 5.1%
- **PHP:** 4.7%
- **CSS:** 3.1%
- **Mathematica:** 1.1%
<!-- LANGUAGE_SUMMARY:end -->

---

## 🚀 Current Projects

<!-- CURRENT_PROJECTS:start -->
**[superbode](https://github.com/superbode/superbode)** - August 2022 May 2023 Clemson SC - Provided one-on-one and group coding assistance to 200+ students in advanced Computer Science courses.
- **Languages:** Python, Unity
- **Contributors:** 3
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (superbode)
- **Role:** Owner

**[s26-ikigai](https://github.com/Clemson-Capstone/s26-ikigai)** - Supports Ikigai Gardens by connecting South Carolina churches and volunteers to grow food and combat insecurity.
- **Languages:** TypeScript, JavaScript, CSS, Python, Dockerfile, HTML
- **Contributors:** 5
- **Organization/Owner:** Organization (Clemson-Capstone)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[Curiosity](https://github.com/Walhalla7/Curiosity)** - An indie Unreal Engine 5 horror game built by a small Clemson development team.
- **Languages:** Not specified
- **Contributors:** 2
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (Walhalla7)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[website](https://github.com/9by9-sudoku/website)** - Repository for the 9x9project s website files.
- **Languages:** HTML, SCSS, Less, PHP, JavaScript, Hack, CSS
- **Contributors:** 5
- **Organization/Owner:** Organization (9by9-sudoku)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[Physics](https://github.com/superbode/Physics)** - Includes an evolution of a simple physics encoded in C++.
- **Languages:** C++, C, Makefile
- **Contributors:** 2
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (superbode)
- **Role:** Owner
<!-- CURRENT_PROJECTS:end -->

---

## 🗄️ Past Projects

<!-- PAST_PROJECTS:start -->
**[CanTrip](https://github.com/JohnkGitt/CanTrip)** - A PyGame adventure where CANRobot escapes a facility after gaining self-awareness.
- **Languages:** Python
- **Contributors:** 3
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (JohnkGitt)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[cpsc-3300-p2](https://github.com/coolguycaden/cpsc-3300-p2)** - Simulates MIPS instruction execution using a virtual register file and memory model.
- **Languages:** C++, Makefile
- **Contributors:** 3
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (coolguycaden)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[CPSC4110-SP25-Team7](https://github.com/sveaej/CPSC4110-SP25-Team7)** - A repository for CPSC 4110 Team 7 s Fishing Simulator.
- **Languages:** ShaderLab, C#, Mathematica
- **Contributors:** 4
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (sveaej)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[CPSC3720.1-S25-Team12](https://github.com/CPSC3720S25-ClassRepos/CPSC3720.1-S25-Team12)** - Builds and tests API functionality using Postman YAML AWS Lambda and DynamoDB.
- **Languages:** Python
- **Contributors:** 3
- **Organization/Owner:** Organization (CPSC3720S25-ClassRepos)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[CPSC3720-Team12](https://github.com/LumpyTacos/CPSC3720-Team12)** - CPSC3720-Team12 is a Python project with clear goals and practical implementation details.
- **Languages:** Python
- **Contributors:** 2
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (LumpyTacos)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator

**[3720-learn-git](https://github.com/superbode/3720-learn-git)** - A class assignment focused on learning GitHub workflows and version control basics.
- **Languages:** Not specified
- **Contributors:** 1
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (superbode)
- **Role:** Owner

**[cyberpunk-game](https://github.com/isaac-fletcher/cyberpunk-game)** - A two-player 2D Unity puzzle game set in a run-down cyberpunk city.
- **Languages:** ShaderLab, C#, HLSL
- **Contributors:** 7
- **Organization/Owner:** Owner (isaac-fletcher)
- **Role:** Contributor/Collaborator
<!-- PAST_PROJECTS:end -->

---

<p align="center">
  Thanks for visiting! 😊
  <br/>
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=superbode&style=for-the-badge&color=orange" alt="Profile Views" />
</p>
